    GEOSCAPE:
make funding nations much harder to please, make them drop out more often, and when they sign a pact, start 
    generating anti-infiltration missions somewhere in their country (use alien base as a template for how to 
    generate a hidden mission) at a rate of about 1.5 per month, and start generating military defence missions 
    every few weeks or so until all anti-infiltration missions are complete, and set the funding nation to "happy" 
work on monthly report screen
    - seperate countries into lists based on how happy they are, and display that information appropriatley
    - apply funding changes
    - set up "funding withdrawn" scenario - trigger should be lower on higher levels
mission types: STR_ANTI_INFILTRATION, STR_MILITARY_DEFENCE STR_PURGE, STR_CULTIST_DEFENCE, STR_CULTIST_BASE
hope and pray that the state-based AI works as intended, merge it.
fix ufopedia to only show articles you actually have available.
see how horribly generating a base assault goes. 
    - looks like all the code is in place, but it needs a base to assault, so i'm thinking have a sub menu to choose which saved game to load a base from, with a sub-menu to pick which base from within that save.

    RESEARCH:
ranked aliens need to give extra info (ie: engineers give info on ship types)
make ufopedia only show each item once
    
    UNITS:
Battle mech need secondary weapons for more mayhem.
all weapons available for all tank types - make them manufacturable
    battlemechs will get a free autocannon
    ground tanks will get sonic detector arrays (motion scanner) and better armour
    hovertanks will get.... screwed because they can already fly.
tank scanner - uses motion scanner algorithm to place "blips" representing movement on the battlescape (passive effect?) 
    - false positives
pester luke to finish sailors for port terror missions. give them all knives and surly dispositions.
Cult of Sirius! (rank 8 alien, human cultist, 1 in 6 chance for 3-5 humans)
Inventory screens for all units in game
make aliens pick up weapons if any nearby and none in hand
aliens get a "free peek" on turn 20 (screw you, yes they do.)
alien stats should be affected by difficulty
bases need a new vector for dead soldiers with information on days dead, and only actually REMOVE them from the game after this 
    counter reaches... 2 days? after which decomposition kicks in and the scientists "clean out the fridge"
    
    
    BASE:
make wounded soldiers transferrable at double the usual time, with no healing en-route
sattelite defense network? - extra base with free planet wide hyper-wave decode, 
    quadruple transit times, no possibility for manufacturing facilities, no hangers. - new map
research of reproduction leads to new base facility - cloning facility 
    - allows for dead soldiers to be revived with their stats reduced slightly - option to splice with 
    alien DNA to improve psychic defence by x amount at the cost of... strength? health? stamina? all of the above?
    soldier revival will show up as a research project with an additional sub-menu that lists all "dead" soldiers
    less than 2 days old.
    
    MAPS:
add expanded terror sites
add port terror site
pester luke for more rotated ships.
make a new map type for ground-based assaults, with a 40x40 tile to represent the base compound on a 60x60 map
spawn 10-20 engineers and scientists on base defence missions, faction_neutral,
Race specific items and Maps EG: Egg sacks for snakeman, clone tanks for sectiods - recover as alien reproduction
cultist bases pop up - new mission type: purge - destroy the cultists

    CRAFTS:
make lightning into fast-response unit - when you absolutely positively GOTTA get there right now
make it so sometimes, you GOTTA get there right now
ufopedia entries for new weapons
use weapon mount on craft in missions?



    DONE:
funding nations are gathering relevant data
activity points for research completion
BATTLE MECHS!
alien containment.
all new facilities now have new graphics, now they need new maps.
looks like no mechanic exists for psi training? fixed.
Training Room for xcom agents using similar rules to X-com apocalypse - not similar, exactly the damn same.
number of aliens on veteran and genius should be the average of beginner/experienced and superhuman
grenade likelihood is affected by difficulty
aliens will "remember" where you are for an extra turn per difficulty level
aliens now get activity points for flying around, or if you ignore a terror mission.
you now get activity points (with regions and countries) for shooting down UFOs, carrying out missions and completing research
funky new sprite for sentinel implemented :D
psi training works, yeehaw.
New ufo layouts for variety
tank shells explode.
new tank type - sectopods! - need to research to construct, recolour of original sprites? (thinking give em a blue visor)
medical bay and doctors added - decreases convalescence time of wounded units based on the number of doctors on hand (current formula is 15 doctors = double heal rate, 40 doctors = triple, 60+ doctors (requires 2 hospitals) = quadruple)
cloning facility added
third map type for terror missions: now has commercial, residential and military base.
researchable disruptor and gauss cannons for hovertanks and crafts
complete armour rework
complete weapon damage workover
hovertank turret placement fixed.
snakemen slither!
hovertanks and laser tanks and sentinel fighters, oh my!
added sentinel class interceptor (costs more, is better, funky new sprite)
tweaked firestorm to be actually good
set avenger to have one weapon slot only, hybrid transports don't get to be effective fighter craft too, sorry.
all missing alien races re-implemented, including Chryssalids, and their evil powers.
terror missions at military bases (new map type) with military personnel (new unit type) with flashbangs and all mundane weapon types available
plasma blade (alien combat knife), disruptors (alien laser tech) and gauss guns (alien AP tech) - aliens spawn with them - researchable, manufacturable
flashbangs - explode immediately, no priming, reduces reactions, accuracy and detection radius for 2-3 turns
sped up all projectiles by a factor of 2
heavy weapons will only be issued to soldiers capable of using them (weight > 10, strength > 35)
added police, they will show up as local law enforcement on terror missions and actually fight aliens
incendiary grenades
stun grenades
combat knife
grenade launcher with arcing projectile
flamethrower with area of effect
shotgun with multiple simultaneous projectiles
full automatic fire mode for selected weapons (5 bullet auto fire)
sniper rifle replaces heavy cannon
combat armor added, purchasable from buy interface
power armour replaced with re-coloured TFTD ion armour
flying armour helmet graphics altered
inventory screens for all new/updated armour
left handedness now graphically represented
dual wielding now properly represented on battlescape
soldiers, if issued with pistols, will grab a melee weapon in their left hand, if one is available